I think truth is good for kids.
We're so busy lying, we don't even recognize the truth no more in this society.
We want everybody to feel good.
That's not the way life is.
I don't care how you get there.
I don't care what you do to get there.
The goal is to win.
I still didn't have my mouse in the right place.
Suddenly, I, oh, man.
I know.
What you talking about, Willis?
Yeah, so we are still needing to stay focused on the biology.
We still need to focus on not taking the bait.
on social media, and we still need to figure out who our neighbors are and start to build relationships with them.
Good morning from Northern California.
Good morning to the first in the chat from Boston, Mark Kulak.
This is the usual warning to get off of social media.
These people are not serious people.
They are paid influencers being employed to govern social media users' very attention.
The only non-compliance that matters is getting our children off of social media.
And if you want to drop a real bomb in the room at the next dinner party or at the next bar you're in, make sure you remind everybody that autism spectrum disorder is a mythology used to make sure that intramuscular injection is never questioned as a methodology, that virology is never questioned as a science, and that public health is never questioned as a reason.
And please understand that they've done the same thing with the pandemic myth, with gain-of-function, with the lab leak.
They're making sure that these things are never questioned, that they are never questioned as methodologies, as science, as reasons, as answers.
We must wake our children up, ladies and gentlemen, and explain to our children why the cheese is free on social media, why Snapchat is free.
We need our kids to understand it, and I think we need our kids to learn biology.
That's at least the plan here.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological.
You can hear the air conditioner blowing in the background.
It's an odd combination of humid and rainy, and it just gets hot in this back room.
If you notice here, this is Jonathan Cooey, JC in the Woods, Birdsong and Coffee on Sunday, the 19th of July, 2020.
That is nearly six years ago.
And at that time, I had a current hypothesis where I was suggesting that this likely originated from a laboratory source, but it doesn't really matter when.
because they've been leaking all the time and they have been putting this signal in the background all the time as they've been making these pure constructs.
And these signals are endemic.
Now, did I have that right?
I don't know.
Oh, the green screen.
Oh shit.
Why did I look up there?
The green screen is busted.
Hold on one second.
This will not in any way help with the noise of the air conditioner, but
It will help with the appearance of the green screen.
There we go.
So this video is from a July 2020 video where I was trying to explain my current hypothesis.
And at that time, I had already distilled it down to the idea that there's no way, that they have no feasible way of differentiating the current signal they're claiming.
from an irreducibly complex background that included, in my mind at the time, these other viruses that have been reported in the literature for decades.
And so I was pretty close to dead on balls accurate with the exception of not quite being at the stage where I could explain that RNA can't really do what they're saying they're doing.
But I was close already by 2020.
So by 2021, I had already pretty much learned enough, read enough to understand that even the concept of an RNA based pandemic was a ridiculous exaggeration.
So I started to really see it as a script.
I started to see it as something that everybody was being encouraged to not only solve themselves or learn themselves or teach themselves, but it was a mystery that we were supposed to advocate for a particular set of solutions for, that we had to ban gain-of-function, that these people had to go to jail, and that we had to admit that we were responsible for it.
There are very few people on the internet that I can point to with any reasonable amount of certainty and say that I think they're okay.
One of them would be Mark Kulak of Housatonic ITS.
One of them would be Joe Marshall.
And one of them would be this substack in Scotland called Biology Phenomena on substack.com.
I think there are a few reasonably good players on Earth right now.
The rest, I don't really know.
And I got to be really honest with you, I'm not very optimistic.
The truth will set us free, but unfortunately, most of us are going to have to do this work on our own.
There's not going to be any cliff notes anytime soon.
And even if I get my book done or when I get my book done, it's not going to be a shortcut to understanding the reality that we're in.
It's going to be a sort of, you know, handbook of a list of exercises that you can do to reach the endpoint.
But we're not going to be able to put it into a tome where people will be able to just, you know, like a lonely planet guide to real earth or something.
That's actually a really interesting idea.
I shouldn't have said that out loud.
Ladies and gentlemen, this is a stream coming from the United States of America.
If you've been here for a while, you might be here at the top of the wave.
If not, you might be a skilled TV watcher and in need of understanding that you got to stay focused on the biology.
You can't take the bait on social media.
You might just want to leave.
And you got to learn who your neighbors are and start building a relationship with them.
Because in the coming years it's going to be necessary to really be friends with those people.
Especially should the internet go out.
You're going to want to have friendships and relationships with all of those people in your immediate vicinity.
Because if you don't, building those relationships when the internet goes out is going to be a very big challenge.
Whereas people who already have those relationships may already have commitments to other people.
And so I can't stress enough how important it is to know who your neighbors are, to take care of them, to make a relationship with them.
Bring yourself back to reality that's in your own neighborhood on your own street next door.
And the way that this works is very simple.
People like Simon and people like Jeff and people like William, they give
quite substantial sums of money every month that add up close to rent.
And then around 100 and now three, we've been losing subscribers lately, 103 other people give me around $10 a month or the equivalent thereof on an annual basis.
And that makes us able to get by.
It's not anything magic.
But with the way this is gonna win,
is that more people need to find it.
We need more people to wake up to the reality of things.
And that's not, that doesn't mean I need more money.
It means that I need this shared, this work shared.
I need this, I need people to advocate for people to watch this.
I need kids to watch this.
I need college kids that are interested in biology and in the pandemic to watch this and to reconsider what possibly happened to them over the last four years.
and the fact that a lot of the adults in their life have something to apologize for.
Now, if you want to share it, the best way to share it is to share gigaohmbiological.com because all the links are there to all the different places that this is hosted.
So if they like Rumble, if they like YouTube, if they like to want to try PeerTube, if they like Twitch, and also the link to the stuff is there.
And the stuff is something that anybody can use to find, you know, their way.
One of the things that's in the stuff folder is a PDF of this book, which I can't stress enough is so important to read.
if you're serious about wanting to understand the history of these ideas.
I don't know how annoying that air conditioner is, but I just thought I'd do that without some music.
Welcome to the show.
This is GigaOM Biological, a high-resistance, low-noise information brief brought to you by a biologist.
I am very happy to be here this morning.
We've got a lot of work to do, though, because Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was on
Tucker Carlson and that basically obliges me to listen and I think take notes and try to do some degree of actual work in terms of critiquing him in a semi-serious way as insofar as I can do on a stream on Twitch.
Anyway, this
Stream for the last couple weeks has really been focused on trying to expose to people how impossible it is that these three clowns have so many podcasts together and the content of those podcasts is so absurd.
over the last five years for these two of three to land big time jobs in the FDA.
It's just impossible that this is by accident.
Instead, what I would suggest is that they were on a script of bullshit from the very beginning, that they were encouraged to develop their ability to shoot the shit together on podcasts.
and encouraged by book sales and by other things that they were peddling.
These people are part of an elaborate hoax, a long con that ultimately has its roots in the Human Genome Project, the Manhattan Project, and the idea of a multi-generational plan to take over the evolution of the species.
I shit you not.
That's how serious this is.
It's not a conspiracy theory.
It is just the idea that there is a longer term plan than the four year Trump administration.
There's a longer term plan.
than the 20-year charter plan of the CHD, whatever the hell that would be.
There's a real long-term plan behind all of this, and it's not China taking over America.
It's not Russia using its bots to thwart the next election.
It's none of that.
It's not the inheritor of Epstein Island and that network controlling America.
It's not.
It's just not.
There are so many bigger ideas at stake.
There are so many, there are so many more forward thinking ideas at stake here.
that all of the nonsense that's on social media can only be seen as nonsense if you're processing it correctly.
All of the substacks that somebody like Jessica Hockett Faber puts out can only be seen as nonsense, AI augmented nonsense that's designed to waste people's time.
instead of teaching them things that are very easy to teach because they are very succinct ideas that can be taught in such a way that now it's up to you.
And that's really the trick.
Funny how even the trick with Christianity has been, here it is, now it's up to you.
and only now recently in 2020 through 2025 do we have all these people who are wearing their Christianity around their necks and on their on their shirts and sweatshirts and all this other stuff talking about it openly when there's nothing in the Bible about t-shirts there's nothing in the Bible about telling everybody as far as I understand from the New Testament I've read
It's supposed to be kind of a personal relationship.
You're supposed to do it, you know, doing your praying and all that out of the eyes of the public.
It's a private relationship.
And it should be through your deeds, through your words, through your actions, through your behavior, through the patterns you set over time that people see the Christian in you.
And it's really here it is and now it's up to you.
That's how it was given to me.
That's how it's been taught to me.
And that's how I see it.
It's not anybody's job.
I just think it's everybody's job.
It's your responsibility to figure it out.
It's your responsibility to ask that adult question of what the hell am I doing here?
And it's your adult responsibility to come up with a good answer because if you can't come up with a good answer, then think about what that means for you as an adult.
Think about what that means for you and your offspring.
Think about what that means for all the time you've had on earth up until now.
If you don't know what you want to do, if you don't know what you're here for by now,
and you think you're gonna find it by scrolling, I got nothing for you, because what you're gonna find is this, elaborate hoax, scripted bullshit.
That's what you will find.
And this is also scripted bullshit.
There's no way to see this any other way.
The price of synthesizing virus genomes get down to about five cents a base.
It's gonna cost $1,500 to synthesize a coronavirus genome.
It may scare the hell out of some of us, but it does allow us to ask those questions in an affordable manner.
The other way to do it, even more cheaply, is to actually clone out the spike genes and make, in essence, recombinants where you drop the spike gene of different bat coronaviruses that you think may have appropriate properties that could be pre-emergent strains.
and characterize their ability to replicate in human cells, both primary cells and other cells in culture.
So those types of questions are doable.
The spike, even the spike genome, for example, is only about 4 kb, so at 10 cents a base, it's a $400 experiment.
Now, maybe dual use experiments are a concern.
That's another issue.
There's Ralph Baric in 2013, jibber-jabbering away about how you can make synthetic DNA and synthetic RNA, and you can transform and transfect cell culture and see what happens.
And their claim is, is that the sequences that they find in the bat anus, if they are made synthetically in pure quantities, that that is roughly recapitulating whatever phenomenon is represented by the sequence that they found.
Stop lying!
And that's completely wrong.
That's completely absurd.
And yet that's what they are doing.
That is absolutely positively at the heart of all virology today.
They find a sequence in the wild.
and it could even be a sequence that is templated in a AI type machine learning program and it sorts through this huge irreducibly complex noise and tries to put together a puzzle that reasonably represents the canonical puzzle that the machine learning algorithm is trying to match.
In other words, going into a junkyard and assembling what looks like a pile of parts that belong to the same car.
And then taking all those parts and manufacturing them and making a lot of those cars and then saying, now you're doing, you know, auto design.
And it doesn't matter if none of those cars actually drive or if they fit together or anything like that, because you will still have something that will roll.
You'll still have something that will probably start and make noise and smoke, and maybe even can explode.
And so then you can make the argument that, you know, what I found in the junkyard is a sign that there might be some really dangerous cars out there in the wild.
Because when I reassembled these parts, this frickin' thing went like 150 miles an hour on those tiny tires, and then it exploded when it hit a tree.
And that's exactly what he's talking about here when he talks about taking a spike protein and putting it with something else and blah, blah, blah.
And so they have no concept of what these signals do in the wild, how they exist in the wild.
They have theories.
They have models.
And then they don't test any of those theories or any of those models because instead of trying to reproduce what they think is happening in the wild with regard to like a genetic swarm or something like that, they make a synthetic pure quantity.
that could never exist in the wild, could never exist under the biology of RNA replication, could never exist in any context other than the synthetic generation of DNA or RNA using standard pharmaceutical methodologies that are used to make protein and stopping short of the protein.
That's it!
And that's all they've had since 2013.
So how do they get you to accept that there's more than that?
They get a fat guy like this, and a fat guy like Dezak, and a short guy like Hotez, and a short guy like Malone, and a short guy like Fauci, and they tell all those guys that you guys are going to be the most important dudes for like a decade.
Are you ready?
Are you ready for this?
This is going to be the best ever.
Welcome to DITRA.
Welcome to DOD.
And that's what we have here, scripted bullshit from the DOD, scripted bullshit from the NIAID, scripted bullshit from USAID, scripted bullshit maybe from DARPA, I don't care.
But it's all scripted bullshit because it's not based in biology, and the only thing they don't tell you is that this is all they have.
He just told you.
The only thing they've got is it's getting cheaper.
And that's the same story that the Human Genome Project has told us.
It used to be expensive, now it's cheap, and so we were gonna save the world, and now we're gonna do it cheaply.
Now we could destroy the world, now we can do it cheaply.
It's the same scripted bullshit lie.
It's a lie about endemicity.
It's a lie about the idea that something in a mud puddle, if it has the right furin cleavage site, the right homologies, the right HIV inserts, we could be dealing with the most contagious virus ever, like Charles Rixey explains in his substack, and collected over 3,000 articles that purport to say the same thing.
What a hero!
And this endemicity is a myth thing took me like five years to get to.
I didn't have this
kind of understanding five years ago, not even two years ago was I here.
Did I understand how we could get out of it by starting to decide whether any of these big terms, these big concepts were real or not?
You know, like a pandemic or like the process of going endemic.
These are concepts that when you learn them as a student, they are taught to you as a concept.
And if they're taught to you as a concept, it is kind of a given.
And that is an assumption that cannot be made.
That is an assumption that if it is made, you can be enslaved by it, especially if it's completely wrong.
And so the same assumption is being made now by everybody in the medical community when they assume that these PCR tests that they are using, like Mary Talley Bowden described, where you can find up to 17 different antigens for 17 different viruses in one test kit, and they're just using them because this is now diagnostic standard.
Understand that using their ghosts to find their ghosts doesn't make them, sorry, using their tests to find their ghosts doesn't make their ghosts real.
But more importantly,
It's not just the ghost of COVID anymore.
They are using this to track all them ghosts and make all those ghosts real for all of those healthcare workers, all of those doctors, all of those patients.
And so people are being brainwashed every day, bamboozled every day, and probably with supplementary, supplemented by taxpayer dollars, Medicaid and Medicare money is being used to test old people for 17 different
It's bad.
It's really bad.
And the worst part is, is this story is very easy to tell because there are two main blips you need to understand.
One is that there were a half a million people killed by opioids in 2020, 21, 22, 23, I think 24 together.
Half a million.
And those age groups were enough to reduce the life expectancy in America.
That's all that needed.
There was no other signal required for the age of expected, you know, life expectancy in America to go down.
That was more than enough.
On top of that, what you need to really recognize is that there's a reason why no one, from the start of the pandemic on, has ever shown you the population of a country in the form of a population pyramid.
And the reason why is because a population pyramid can show you
how healthy a population is, it can show you expected signals that are to come in the future, like when these people die.
It will be more than when these people are dying.
It will be necessarily more of a burden on the healthcare system than was previously present, and they've known this was coming.
And so an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality, sculpted with murder and lies,
like the opioid crisis, but also like using supplementary oxygen and not treating a viral syndrome with antibiotics, can result in kind of mitigating this problem.
And so this was, and it remains for all the marbles, it remains for the grandchildren of Earth, they need us to teach this shit to our kids instead of saving them from it.
Instead of pulling our kids out of social media, they need us to acquiesce to it.
And so I can't stress enough, one of the best ways to see it is to realize, come to the realization yourself, in your own heart, and understand how malevolent it is that there has been a fake, anti-vax, health freedom movement in America since around 2018.
And that health, fake health, anti-vax movement is probably responsible for killing at least two very good Americans, Brandy Vaughn and Dr. Tony Bark.
And so when I say sculpted with murder and lies, not only can you see it in the graph, but of course, we have this unmistakably
robust list and what's unmistakably robust about it is that there is an extraordinary paucity of the discussion of really any of these things.
Remdesivir is kind of okay to talk about.
But the poor use of steroids, the only one who jokes about that is Robert Malone when he's on Paul Cottrell's podcast in 2021.
He certainly won't joke about it now.
The lack of antibiotic use seems to have missed the radar of every one of these
Eminent doctors Pierre Corey's never said it McCullough's never said it the five, you know postdoctoral degrees Jessica Rose has never said it the math genius Matt Crawford's never said it none of these Super geniuses have been able to come up with a list like this None of them have ever bothered to try
And that's because they are all on Robert Malone and Kevin McKernan's malevolent shit script.
And they are on X spreading it.
They are on Local spreading it.
On Rumble spreading it.
And on Substack spreading it.
And the spread of these shitty ideas has always been the danger.
It was never the spreading of an RNA molecule.
And once you come to understand that all of these people have been working together to confuse us,
We found spike in somebody 2.5 years after mRNA vaccination.
So we have some of these coming out.
Then you'll understand why we have Kermit the Frog and Dr. Drew telling us that we're finding spike in these people, but they're still not able to say transfection.
They're still not able to say murder or manslaughter.
They're still not able to explain why not treating with antibiotics for a viral syndrome might be a problem.
They're still not able to explain all these very basic ways that manslaughter occurred in America.
And all of these people seem to be woefully unaware of the half a million Americans killed over the last five and a half years by opioids.
So Kermit the Frog is really concerned about the spike protein, but he's full of shit.
He's on the same script that Ralph Baric was on.
It's a long con, you have to see it.
It's a long con, one continuous script.
Some excess mortality papers coming out.
We identified large increases in deaths after vaccination.
So a lot up the pipeline at the McCullough Foundation here.
We're now over our 20th study looking at the harms of these shots.
And we will continue to do so until the government finally does something about it.
Because unfortunately, our government did not look for any treatments for the vaccine injured.
They have been ignored.
There are millions of them.
Millions of vaccine-injured Americans.
And so we have to start helping these people out.
I don't know how many people, if you go ask any of your friends or family, usually somebody knows somebody that has either died or been permanently disabled.
I've got patience.
And it's really very striking when you see it.
It's not a rare thing.
It's very striking when you see it.
These people are fake.
Their sympathy is fake.
Their crusade is fake.
They're some of the worst Americans alive.
And they have fooled our family and friends with this fake conservative health freedom movement that doesn't exist except on X. These people are terrible.
And they have a 501c3.
They can get great big donations and pay each other very big salaries with their 501c3.
And I can't seem to get a lawyer to help me do it.
Every time I freaking make an appointment with a lawyer in Pittsburgh, they tell me, okay, next week we're gonna do it.
I'm gonna send you an email, and we're gonna get to work on this, and then nothing happens.
And this is the third time it's happened.
It's almost like every time I make a phone call, someone else makes a phone call.
And I'm not fucking around here.
This is real.
I can't make a 501c3 without a little help, or at least I should have some help, and I can't even find any in Pittsburgh, because every time I call somebody, they don't want to help anymore.
But we will get there.
We will get there, I assure you.
It's just annoying, because every time I think I finally met somebody who's cool, it doesn't work out.
So what I want to do is watch this.
I'm not sure we should watch it here.
um let's just see first let's watch the beginning and then i'm gonna put it at a higher speed and get this slide off well here's the story you probably haven't heard a lot about the chinese mafia is exploiting rural america to create a drug empire this is not the chinese mafia is creating a drug empire okay first i don't know if anybody knows but those aren't very healthy pot plants uh available
on cable news.
Those aren't either.
Oh wow.
The network's not telling you about this but it's totally real.
Communist affiliated drug gangs destroying parts of the United States, the parts that Washington ignores, to sell drugs, laundering money and building a black market network inside this country's most beautiful but least served areas.
We've got a brand new documentary on this.
It's called High Crimes, the Chinese Mafia Takeover of Rural America.
It's available now on TuckerCarlson.com.
Now, I don't doubt that there are probably Chinese bad guys that are trying to make money in rural America.
That's fine with me.
But I bet it's a relatively insignificant, I don't even know what we're talking about there.
But it's remarkable that we're not talking about all the foreign passports in the American government.
We're not talking about all the Indians.
And we're not talking, I don't know what, we're not talking about anything relevant if we're gonna say China, China, Russia, Russia.
It's pretty amazing.
Anyway.
Excellent.
The purchase of churches and schools to aid the operation, the jerry-rigging of power boxes to steal electricity, foreign pesticides, collusion with the Mexican cartels.
It's unbelievable.
By the way, one of the drug houses is like walking distance from my house.
I didn't know that.
It's a layered and fascinating story.
Head to TuckerCarlson.com to watch now.
We think you'll love it.
Okay, I'm gonna escape out of here, I'm gonna put it on here.
Because we can put it on faster here.
Well, here's the story you probably haven't heard a lot about.
The Chinese mafia is exploiting rural America to create a drug empire.
This is not available on cable news.
The network's not telling you about this, but it's totally real.
Communist affiliated drug gangs destroying parts of the United States, the parts that Washington ignores, laundering money and building work inside this country's most beautiful but least served areas.
We've got a brand new documentary on this.
Mr. Secretary, thank you for doing this.
I remember the night that Trump won, talking to people in Washington and their doomsday scenario, the thing that they feared more than North Korea getting the bomb was you becoming Secretary of Health and Human Services.
They really were afraid because they felt it was a threat, not just to them, but to the whole business of the city.
And I think a lot, I mean, there's a reason they felt that way and they probably still do.
So what's that been like?
What's the opposition been like, the organized opposition to your program?
Well, you know, the irony is I'm not really getting opposition directly from the industry.
Most of the industry wants things from this department.
And we want to, you know, we want American industry to profit.
The pharmaceutical companies, everything else.
And so and I think they know that and they know that we're working with them.
We're not.
They also know they've been getting away with stuff up till now and that era is over.
I get opposition from proxies to the industry.
And I think the major opposition that I feel is from the mainstream media and from Democrats, which is really, that is an interesting phenomenon because these were people I was friends with my whole life.
So he says that, let me see if I can do this, just set this up right here.
And then there should be a screen over here.
So he says he wants American industry to prosper.
And so I guess that's a generally speaking safe statement to make.
But of course, it's also a very imprecise statement to make.
Not surprising that he starts here.
But again,
if you thought that this was a good guy, if you thought that he had an elevator pitch that he was gonna throw out once he got the nomination, you were wrong, right?
And I think that's what everybody assumed, that there was a pretty short list of things because apparently, according to the tweet that's promoting this video, he's been thinking about this for 20 years.
So you think after 20 years, if you finally got somewhere where you could do something, you'd have a pretty succinct way of explaining your vision and arguing for your stance.
But that's not what we've seen, of course.
We've seen a guy who instead acts like he's just been reading a script.
You know, he's been anti-vax because that's what they've been telling him to be.
He's not actually any of these things.
He may not even be that, that staunch of an environmental advocate.
It may just be what he was coached to stand up.
That's how pessimistic I am about this guy right now.
This is scary to me because what I imagined he was as a man, he is definitely not.
And instead he might just be an addict with a terrible family history and that's about it.
I mean, what about him would really, really beg you to think that, wow, this guy's an exceptional man?
Was it the swinging with no shirt on, on chains on the beach?
Or was it the shirtless pushups that he did?
What part of this guy's background would really make us think that, you know, I guess it's because he's been working at Children's Health Defense, right?
Because Children's Health Defense has accomplished, yeah, conference and a conference and they sell books.
They're fricking awesome with selling books.
And yet somehow or another, we got bamboozled into believing that there was a health freedom movement and that this guy was the leader of it and that we were going somewhere with him.
And so we need to wake up and apologize to our children, wake up and apologize to the people on the left for falling for such a bullshit show.
We really do, that's where we are right now.
We need to apologize for having fallen for Donald Trump, having fallen for this health freedom bullshit, for falling for Steve Bannon and his three pens in my shirt, I'm a working man bullshit stick.
He is one of the worst Americans alive.
We are talking about an absolute travesty, what has occurred here.
Just script readers,
America is about to collapse because we are being run by script-reading fools.
And at any point in time, should the rug be pulled out from underneath this clown, he won't have an answer.
He won't have been coached to what to say next.
And he will fall apart.
The HHS will fall apart.
The Trump administration will lose all clout.
And no matter what you cling to, no matter what you believe, it ain't gonna matter.
The rest of the United States is gonna turn on us and they're gonna turn very quick.
They haven't yet understand that now.
They haven't yet because of that magic theater that's happening in the Middle East.
And they're so broken up about what actually happened.
Did he actually achieve something or not?
They can't figure it out.
And so there is an opening right now for us on the, whatever this is, the people that think that they still want to save America the right way by taking it back, us third party people, us party of the biology.
I don't know what this is, but this is our chance because right now both sides are absolutely confused.
they're confused about the same things.
They're confused about the pandemic.
They're confused about transfection.
They're confused about the Middle East.
They're confused about nukes.
They're confused about energy.
They're confused about climate change.
And believe it or not, these people's script is just as shitty as theirs.
So it's our opportunity to offer the alternative
Interpretation of American history interpret an alternative interpretation of the experience of the pandemic so that everybody can see through both the Trump administration and the Biden administration and See it as one continuous Illusion because that's what it is The first Trump administration the Biden administration.
The second Trump administration is one continuous illusion It's not like Trump was good back then but now he's a shithead
The way to understand it is he's always been on the same script, which was designed to do exactly what it did, which is cause half of the country to have, half of the world to have such a crazy opinion that they couldn't process his presence.
Not that dissimilar to how they've done it with Palestine.
Not that dissimilar to how they will do it with future issues to come.
Holy shit.
Are we gonna let this play or what?
Oops, I got to get my mouse up here.
And, you know, I have not changed and my values have not changed.
And the policies that I've been advocating have not changed.
But the party has just a knee jerk reaction against anything that is Trump.
And you know that that, you know, President Trump's in this kind of are really paradoxical.
position where he not only has completely taken over the Republican Party and dictates its platform, but he's also dictating the platform for the Democratic Party.
I've noticed.
Oh, if, you know, if I remember, I saw this for the first time on NAFTA.
Democrats traditionally were against NAFTA.
And as soon as President Trump came out against NAFTA, all the Democrats were now for NAFTA.
The Democrats were the anti-war party.
But as soon as he expressed his opposition to the Ukraine war,
Now I would argue that this is already obvious admission that he's a traitor.
I would say that because anybody that starts out an interview in 2025 with an explanation for why they used to be a Democrat but now they're not has to be a liar.
Because that's hamster wheeling.
Nobody
as an adult needs to be reminded that the Democratic Party has been changing and going farther and farther left and lots of people have been leaving the Democratic Party.
Nobody needs to be reminded of that.
He doesn't need to recount that story.
And as Health and Human Services Secretary, as a guy who's apparently been fighting this, whatever this is, for 20 years, he ought to be farther along in his elevator pitch
than to start out with, I used to be a Democrat, because we've heard that like a thousand frickin' times already.
What a fraud.
They became the war party on the Democrats.
traditionally were the biggest critics of the CIA and the intelligence agencies and as soon as President Trump started complaining about the power of the intelligence agencies in Washington, they became... Think about how imprecise that is.
There are at least 18 intelligence agencies that are generally listed and yet all of them, all of them, all of them, Del Bigtree, Robert Malone,
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
All of them, all of them, all of them can only say three letters.
C-I-A.
They can only say C-I-A.
Why is that?
Because they're out of script.
It's a really shitty script, but it's the same script that even Whitney Webb is on.
CIA and stuff.
Epstein and stuff.
China and Russia and stuff.
Holy shit.
bonded with the intelligence agencies to the extent where they had, for the first time in history, a former CIA director speaking at their convention immediately before Kamala Harris.
They were the party of free speech, and they became, you know, when President Trump started advocating for free speech and his ability to talk, you know, the shutdowns of him on Twitter and these other really crazy efforts to suppress the speech of a former president.
He became a major advocate of free speech and the Democrats are now openly for censorship.
The Democratic Party was the party of women's sports.
My uncle wrote Title IX, making sure that women had the right to and had the equal access to the resources that they could play sports.
And the Democratic Party has become the party that is now the enemy of women's sports.
And you can go on and on with those examples, but President Trump is literally dictating them.
I love the fact that he said this because again, Title IX and the whole XXXY thing is designed specifically to get you and me and everybody on both sides of the equation to argue that sex is genetic.
Now you don't have to go, well, but it is, because it is, that's fine.
But they want you to argue that sex is genetic in order to teach your children that the genes and the chromosomes are who you are.
Because that's the way, that's the reason why they are pushing this trans women thing so far and so incorrectly.
And I covered this yesterday on my show, but a very simple semantic
Enchantment has taken place over the last five or eight years where they have instead of calling men Biological men who would like to be women and want to transition to being a woman instead of calling them transsexual men They're now calling them transsexual women and saying they're real women, too
That's the enchantment.
And you can dispel it in one fell swoop by just saying, no, I'm not going to call them trans women.
They're trans men.
And I'm not going to call them a woman.
That's a trans man.
That's what they are.
It's a transitioning or a transitioned man.
That's it.
And once you realize that that's what it is, that's how English language works, then you realize that this debate about it is getting people to argue about one absurdity and one certainty, and eventually the absurdity will be accepted as absurd.
Oh wow, I guess we went too far with that.
Oh wow, I guess all these Hollywood people that are transing their kids when they're young, I guess that was too far, holy shit.
And that's coming.
Because that's how they govern you.
They're swinging you back and forth between ridiculous possibilities so that you eventually all decide to choose the one.
You know, like, swinging you between ridiculous possibilities where there's a lab leak or it was a natural virus.
It's a gain of function, or it's a lab leak.
Gain of function, or it's a lab leak.
And by the end, oh my gosh, I guess it was a lab leak, or at least enough people think that.
And so the same thing will happen here.
Trans women, no they're not.
And eventually, enough people will accept that everything is genetic.
Genetic is the most important thing.
Genes are everything.
You need to surrender to your genes.
And if enough people think that, then they've got the next step.
That's what's coming.
That's what this is about.
That's the script.
You have to be able to see far enough ahead in order for you to recognize that that's where they're taking us.
but it's all about the Human Genome Project, so you can see that that would be the direction you would go.
You're not gonna go to where it's a feeling.
You're not gonna go to where it's up to you.
It's up to your lived experience when the whole frickin' world is bent on teaching children that it all comes down to genes and the race and the phenotype.
Come on, you can see it.
I'm sure you can see it.
platform of the Democratic Party, anything that he says they're going to be against.
And, you know, that is also a departure from tradition.
My father was very critical of partisanship.
I remember him telling us when we were kids, I don't vote for the Democratic Republic.
I vote for the person whoever is supposed to be best in the job.
And that partisanship by its nature is dishonest and it is the enemy of democracy.
And that in Washington, George Washington's farewell speech, he said that.
He said he was very frightened about the rise of the political party because they would become self-interested rather than patriotic.
They would become interested in promoting their own agendas.
rather than the agenda of the country.
And he thought that that was a real threat to American democracy and to this great experiment that we have in democracy.
I remember your first break with the Democratic Party, and with personal friends, even members of your family, was a Rolling Stone piece that you wrote about autism, asking, why have autism rates risen?
And you were kind of written out of police society for doing that.
One of the first things you did as secretary, I think, tell me if I'm misstating it, is commissioned a kind of study of autism.
Can you tell us what that is?
What are you seeking to do with that?
I think it's really important here to state once again that I have a slide that I didn't make until this year.
that states that I think that autism spectrum disorder is a myth.
Now, I understand this in a very special way because I'm a neuroscientist, or used to be, and as an academic neuroscientist, you have to figure out what you want to study in order to figure out how you're going to write your grants to get money.
You got to come up with a story on your own.
You got to come up with a line of investigation or a series of investigations on your own.
And you have to figure out a topic that not you are interested in so much as selecting from a list of topics that the NIH is interested in or that the EU Science Foundation is interested in.
And so in doing that, every academic biologist has to find their way.
And one of the ways that you can find your way in brain science is start to work on genetic disorders that result in living children, even if they have short lives,
that it can generally blamed on a single gene because those genes are likely candidates for knockout mice or genetically modified mice, which can be claimed to be genetic models of that same genetic disorder, that rare disease in kids, which is often referred to as a rare disease, but it's not a rare disease.
It is a genetic anomaly
that manifests in a living human.
And so this genetic anomaly has a set of phenotypes, it will have a set of
metabolic pathways that are adjusted in some way to compensate for the loss of that gene.
And so there's a tremendous amount of potential gain to be had understanding that little piece of the otherwise irreducibly complex biology of a human.
And these rare disorders are the lowest hanging fruit of the
the Human Genome Project, there is no lower hanging fruit.
And in fact, for the last 10 years in neuroscience, those have been the low hanging fruit of
genetic mice, of genetic knockout mice, of mouse models of human disease.
You take, for example, Angelman syndrome, which is based solely on one genetic modification, you make that modification in mice, and then you study their behavior and do physiology on those mice, and you can argue that you're doing brain physiology on a
model of a human disease which has some phenotypes which are similar to autism spectrum disorder because autism spectrum disorder is just a wide list of behavioral anomalies.
And autism spectrum disorder is a giant classification umbrella under which a whole host of behavioral anomalies falls.
And to then say so nonchalantly that this entire umbrella term of anomalies can be explained by vaccine damage is such an awful and malevolent trap for us to have fallen into because that's of course not the case.
Most of what's grouped under current autism spectrum disorder cannot be vaccine injury.
It's by definition, it's not possible.
And that's why 2013 Brian Hooker didn't like the idea of causing, calling his son's condition autism.
He didn't like the word autism.
His son was vaccine damaged.
He was neurologically damaged and he doesn't call it autism because that doesn't make sense with the irreducibly complex biology of humans and this, you know, huge
collection of childhood anomalies, of, of, of, of odd forms of intelligence, of odd forms of social development, of maladaptive forms of development, of what we used to call retardation, cannot all be explained by intramuscular injection of a combination of substances, or there would be many more.
Has it risen?
Yes.
Have we classified more people under it?
But the trick here is to realize that if you call it autism, then they can call it autism.
If they call it autism, then you're going to be ultimately wrong because most of the autism that we classify as autism is not caused by vaccines.
It sucks, but it's true.
Most of the damage done by vaccines is not autism.
It's all kinds of other shit.
It's a nearly endless bouquet of things.
And that's why it's so easy to deny vaccine injury because doctors think they have to defend only one small little corner because autism spectrum disorder to them is obviously not explainable exclusively by vaccines.
It's an absurd certainty and it's absurd generalization.
And yet here he is making it.
I think it's an absurd generalization that, that quite frankly, Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were probably not making.
Again, we need to be very specific when we say that we don't see any autism in the Amish.
We need to be very, very specific when we say that, because again, that's one of these simplifications that can become a trap.
And if it's true, then why isn't this man...
selling this book.
I mean, after 20 years, you would think, okay, look, here's first and foremost, I've been doing this for 20 years.
And Brian Hooker and I have published a book that clearly demonstrates that unvaxxed kids are so much more healthy than vaxxed kids, that we shouldn't even be having this stupid conversation anymore.
But is that the argument that Bobby Kennedy is making?
Or is he making the argument that there is autism, that autism is caused by vaccines, and they're just not doing the studies to show it?
This is the most malevolent trap I could have ever imagined.
And I really, really, really thought I was, I was, I really thought everything was going to change when he called me.
And I definitely thought I was going to be able to do all kinds of great shit when I got hired at CHD.
That's not what happened.
We're here instead.
Studies, there are a handful of studies that CDC has generated on autism.
They were all epidemiological studies.
And they all say what the CDC wanted them to say is they couldn't find a link.
The problem is that the Institute of Medicine, which is part of the National Academy of Sciences, had said in 2001 that the link between autism vaccine is biologically plausible.
And they were highly critical of the way that CDC was making the decisions about the vaccine schedule, that it was, you know, this group ACIP, which is an external panel, which has a responsibility of deciding which new vaccines will be added to the schedule.
Now, keep in mind, essentially been captured by industry, the people who serve on that panel almost all
Keep in mind that ASIP, what we watched and what we learned from ASIP, one of the things you should keep in mind is that ASIP is part of the legislation.
And so the parliamentary procedure that goes on in the ASIP meeting essentially is the living law.
And that's why they had to be very parliamentary about it.
I second the motion, all in favor, you know, whatever.
And so be precise with this, understand what we're dealing with.
By putting Robert Malone and those people on that committee, and then having them basically pro forma approve all of the things that the CDC wanted to do, we now have everything we thought we were gonna get with the hero, Robert Malone, and with the hero, Retsef Levy, and with the hero, Robert F. Kennedy, and we have gotten nothing.
They added a shot to the first six months of a kid's life.
They added potentially monoclonal antibodies to the first eight months of a kid's life.
They did nothing.
And now he's talking with, with no specificity about what they're going to do next.
And certainly not speaking like somebody who's been trying to sharpen this blade for 20 years now.
I mean, this is a joke.
It's a hamster wheel.
They have financial entanglements with the industry.
And the Institute of Medicine recommended a litany, a retinue of studies, including animal models, observational studies, bench studies, and epidemiological studies.
They said, you need this whole retinue to answer this question.
The CDC never did those.
Instead, it commissioned
the creation of these six epidemiological studies and none of them does what all of them are they use fraudulent techniques you know they say statistics don't lie but statisticians do and epidemiological studies are very easy to manipulate none of those studies did what you would want what you would do if you wanted to find the answer which is to compare outcomes in a fully vaccinated group to health outcomes in an unvaccinated group
And CDC did that study in 1999.
They brought in a team of scientists under a Belgian researcher named Thomas Verstratten.
And they looked at the data.
They looked at children who had received the hepatitis vaccine within the first 30 days of life and compared those children to children who had received the vaccine later or not at all.
And they found an 11, 135% elevated risk of autism among the vaccinated children.
And it shocked them.
They kept the study secret and they manipulated it through five different iterations.
to try to bury the link.
And, you know, we know how they did it.
They got rid of all the older children, essentially, and just had younger children who were too young to be diagnosed.
And they stratified the data and they did a lot of other tricks.
And all of those studies were the subject of that kind of trickery.
And so what we're going to do now, and meanwhile, the external literature is showing, you know, over 100 studies that show that there, indicate that there is a link.
So what we're gonna do now is we're going to so it doesn't really make sense to me that that they have had a publishing company for at least 10 years Because in 2008 we were Skyhorse publishing is publishing about How he's gonna run independent and then he's gonna get Jesse Ventura in the White House and then Jesse Ventura is gonna get shot and Robert F Kennedy jr.
Is gonna become president so a strange
bookseller named Skyhorse Publishing that is now basically the publishing arm of CHD and the guy who runs Skyhorse is also the guy who like ran Bobby's campaign and also a genius and best friend of of Steve Bannon.
And so they've had a book publishing company for more than 10 years at their disposal.
And apparently there are a hundred papers that demonstrate there's a connection with autism.
Apparently unvaccinated kids are really, really healthy.
And when did they publish that book?
In 2023.
And are they selling it or are they selling Robert Malone's books?
Or are they selling the Wuhan cover-up book?
Or are they selling the Anthony Fauci book more?
Of course they're selling all of those more than this one.
This is remarkable.
I hope he recovers out of this nosedive, and I don't need to go further into this.
The lies my gnome told me.
All the kind of studies that the Institute of Medicine originally recommended.
And we're going to do observational studies, retrospective studies, and epidemiological studies.
We're going to do real science.
And the way that we're going to do that is we're going to make the databases public for the first time.
We've gone into CDC, we've gotten the data from CMS, which is Medicaid and Medicare.
We're getting the data from the Vaccine Safety Data Link, which is the biggest repository for HMO health records.
So those records would have all the records of vaccination and then the subsequent health claims.
And you can do a cluster analysis and look at, see if there's an association.
And we're going to do some in-house studies ourselves, but more importantly, we're going to make this data available for independent scientists so everybody can look at it.
And then we have already put out... So what's bizarre about this is that they've been in now for how many months?
And he said he was going to have an answer by September.
So he had no, for 20 years he's been fighting this.
Mary Holland's been at it for more than a decade and a half.
Pauly Tommy's been been changing votes since 2000 or something like that and yet none of them have a real succinct way of testing this
I thought CHD just figured out that sudden infant death syndrome has gone down drastically since the pandemic because of vaccine skepticism.
So SIDS is supposedly due to vaccines because on the Vaccine Safety Research Foundation podcast of Steve Kirsch, none other than Pierre Kory was on there busting the lid on SIDS.
Like a week after Kevin McKernan and Kevin McCairn shared the stream together to elucidate the fine biology of amyloidosis and clots.
It's all one malevolent script written by Kevin McKernan and Robert Malone.
And he can barely keep it straight.
And so more and more he's just gonna look like a clown and sound like a clown.
Because he's just a script reader.
He's not that sophisticated of a scholar.
And we're in big trouble because of it.
Take over the next six months, these large studies by independent scientists all over the world.
We anticipate there'll probably be about 15 different major teams who are all trying to answer.
15 teams are needed.
that are all gonna try to answer these big questions.
This is the biggest joke of the pandemic so far.
thousands.
They will.
Gotta sell stuff.
My opinion, I always tell people, is irrelevant.
We, you know, people, we need to stop.
Think about the fact that he's selling stuff between breaks of the Health and Human Services Secretary of America.
Think about how serious that makes him about this, right?
He's so serious that he's selling masa chips to you before you listen to more.
trusting the experts right we were told at the beginning of covid don't look at any data yourself don't do any investigation yourself just trust the experts and trusting the experts is not oh is he gonna do the jimmy door bit about uh buying a used car now are we serious are you serious here come on come on robert like do better than this because this is now sad this is pathetic hamster wheeling
It's not a feature of science.
It's not a feature of democracy.
It's a feature of religion and it's a feature of totalitarianism.
In democracies, we have the obligation, and it's one of the burdens of citizenship, to do our own research and make our own determinations about things.
Mothers, when they go shopping, they don't trust the advertising.
A good mother does not trust the advertising.
They don't trust what they hear.
They do their own research, and it's a much harder way to live.
But, you know, that is one of the burdens of living in a democracy is that we, you know, we do.
And so what he is suggesting, but not saying, is that we can't trust our government.
See, not trusting advertisers is one thing, but not trusting your government is another thing, and he doesn't seem to be able to differentiate that.
He doesn't seem to be able to differentiate that.
And that's a very big problem because if our side is trapped in an illusion where we can't differentiate between those two very different things, then we also have a problem that's easily exploitable by the shitheads on the other side.
And I guarantee you on their portions of social media, on their portions of the mainstream media, they are lambasting us for this ridiculousness.
It is absolutely happening right now.
We are being made fools of, and you can't see it because you're skillfully using social media.
Our own research, we make up our own minds, and that's the way it should be done.
And we're going to give people gold standard science, we're going to publish our protocols in advance, we're going to tell people what we're doing, and then we're going to use data and we're going to publish
The peer reviews which is never published by CDC studies We're gonna publish any time that we can The raw data and the worst part about this gold standard science idea is that make no mistake about it the FDA by not regulating as individual medical devices all of the PCR diagnostics in America and instead allowing them to go on under a continuation of approval from the original EU a's and
We are being lost.
We are losing that opportunity to show that PCR is not a gold standard diagnostic.
But he's using these words to describe something right now that he's going to deliver.
And in no way, shape, or form will he or the FDA ever question
the foundation of that mythology, that this diagnostic standard is not a standard at all.
We have been bamboozled.
And that's because he's on the script that's written by these people who want us to be bamboozled specifically about the PCR testing, about sequencing, about genetics, and about the ability of RNA to pandemic.
And then we're going to require replication of every study, which never happens in NIH now.
That's something new that we're bringing in.
No, he's going to bring in replication.
So that's... That's a pretty hilarious joke.
Because it is...
It's not as big a problem as you think.
We'll probably have to do a whole other show about that.
I won't belabor that point.
Is that every study will be replicated?
I thought that was like a basic precept of science.
We can't know something unless the experiment showing it can be replicated.
Script warning!
It's a precept of science.
And unfortunately, it has the kind of science that was done by NIH.
You know, NIH was the gold standard agency when I was a kid.
But they stopped doing that and it incentivized a lot of cheating and the reason it incentivizes cheating is that If you're a son again, it's this a specificity it inspires cheating and for an academic scientist to cheat does it really hurt that much does you know if
There's some fake nutrition data out there that makes a fake news program.
Is that really that bad?
I don't know.
But what if the national security state decided to fake a bunch of science and make believe that RNA could pandemic, that gain-of-function viruses were a danger, and that people were making them?
Now that would be a very different kind of fake science, wouldn't it, Bobby?
But just like he's been scripted, he's gonna try and get all the kids to think that what we need to do is burn down all the scientists and take down all the labs because all these lab people are liars, all these biologists are liars, all these doctors are liars.
And then it starts to become not even about the profit of pharmaceutical companies, right?
Because the academicians are willing to lie about their science.
And all the while, we're not going to talk about how, by perverting the university incentive system, it made it very easy for incentives to be put in place for specific lies to be laid down.
Specific lies that were useful to the Human Genome Project into inverting our sovereignty into experimental animal status.
This is how malevolent this script is.
And if this guy doesn't get it, which I'm sure he doesn't, he's just going to keep reading the script and he's going to read it very well.
Scientists, your career depends on how much you publish.
And so if you have a hypothesis and you say, this is my hypothesis, this is the study that I want to do, and you get a grant from NIH, and the hypothesis turns out to be wrong, you know, the science does not support it, a lot of times you cannot get that study published.
That's science.
It's science when you, you know, a null hypothesis is science and it ought to be published, but the journals won't do it.
And also the journals won't publish anything that is,
Well, that's also very inaccurate because null hypothesis testing is the shitty part of science because, again, as I've explained and somebody like Matt Briggs explains better than me, the null hypothesis is usually stupid to begin with.
And that's the problem with a lot of these studies.
The null hypothesis of vaccines is that they work great and some vaccines might work better.
This imprecision is unacceptable after 20 years of being a crusader.
This lack of precision after being 20 years supposedly running for, you know, wanting to be president, this lack of precision is evidence of a scripted fraud.
It's critical of vaccines.
They won't do it because there's so much pressure on them.
They're funded by the pharmaceutical companies and they'll lose advertising, they'll lose revenue from reprints if they don't do that.
So even Marsha Engel, who was a long time, I think 25 years at the New England Journal of Medicine, she said, you can't believe anything that's in the scientific journals anymore.
Richard Horton, who's the longtime editor of The Lancet, is the same thing.
He says, we've become propaganda vessels for the pharmaceutical companies.
I think with regard to the transgender thing, another thing to consider is what are the relative abundance of these two genotypes?
Because these two genotypes are essentially hidden in our populations.
This is a super male.
This is a Kleinfelter.
Like, where are these people if most people are not sequenced?
Because these are the real
what I would have called transgender intersex kind of people that actually might want to have some kind of surgery because they're sterile and because their genitals don't function like they're supposed to function.
This is the biology that gets confused away by the argument of man or woman and a gender spectrum completely ignores the fact that there is genetic intersex.
and that there are people alive right now, a certain percentage of our population alive right now, it doesn't even know that they're intersex.
And that part of the biology is completely absent from the discussion.
Because of course, that's coming, right?
Oh, oh, by the way, we should sequence everybody and figure out.
Now, I understand that a lot of times people are karyotyped
And karyotyping will also find this.
You will also find the triple X girls as well with karyotyping.
But this is missing from the discussion.
It's missing from the reality that those people are out there because they are.
The pharmaceutical company, now you have to pay to get something published in these journals.
And so the pharmaceutical companies pay for something.
They give a, you know, they hire these, you know, these mercenary scientists, we call them biostitutes, to do a study that will validate their product and, you know, say that this statin drug works against heart attacks and they'll mess with the data because they want it published.
They're being paid by the pharmaceutical companies.
And then once it's published, the journal will make available preprints.
The preprint is a little, like a little magazine with the logo of the Lancet on the front.
And it has that one article that says the statin drug works or this SSRI works.
And then they have tens of thousands of pharmaceutical reps who will take those journal articles and go to every doctor's office in the country and say, you know, and they're usually, let me put it this way.
And so he could stop right here and say, you know, you heard of Vioxx before, right?
There's this friend of mine who's dead now named Brandy Vaughn and her, one of her main, you know, sort of, she was a whistleblower about that.
And the way that she would explain it is X, Y, and Z, but he's not going to say that.
He's not going to say that because he's not a good man.
He's a scripted performer.
And he's performing with Tucker Carlson.
Hot looking women or, you know, and they'll go take the doctor out to lunch.
They'll say, you know, why don't you start prescribing this drug?
And they'll incentivize the doctor in all kinds of ways to do that.
And so the doctors also have their own incentives, you know, perverse incentives.
There's a published article out there now that says that 50% of revenues to most pediatricians come from vaccines.
And then there's a whole structure where Blue Cross and the other insurance companies pay bonuses to the pediatrician to make sure if, for example, 95% of their, if their clients are fully vaccinated, they get a huge bonus.
It could be tens of thousands of dollars.
And that's why your pediatrician, if you say, I want to go slow on the vaccines, or I want to have a little different schedule, your pediatrician will throw you out of his practice because you're now jeopardizing that bonus structure.
And these are all perverse incentives that stop doctors from acting
It's a strange thing to not say in front of Congress when you're confronted with this stuff.
When you have a three hour session where you're asked questions about this stuff and you don't bring this up.
It's kind of like, I don't know, going on the Joe Rogan podcast and being asked about smallpox and not giving an answer very succinctly like you did maybe five years before.
Like Susan Humphreys did.
The fact of the matter is, is that the old videos of Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
are being weaponized against us on social media because on social media they can be shown to us and help to form an illusion that this guy is doing something good.
But if you listen to his words and his performance in the current act, currently on stage,
you will see that he can only be interpreted as on script.
At any moment, he could say that there is no safe vaccine.
At any moment, he could say, I've never believed in vaccines.
I've been saying that to get here.
And plant trees under whose shade he will never shelter, but our grandchildren could.
But he's not gonna say that.
that I've been toeing the line, that I've been playing 5D chess, but you know what?
The reality is, I don't think there is a safe vaccine.
And that's the same omission that the traitor to our grandchildren, Suzanne Humphreys, made when she went on Rogan this year.
For two and a half hours, she couldn't frickin' say it.
She is a traitor and a fraud who only said it on stage and on camera when Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark were still alive because she and Robert Kennedy and Judy Mikovits and fricking Mary Holland were put in place to step in front of those women.
And those women were killed at the beginning of the pandemic to make sure that they wouldn't screw it up.
Just suck it up and realize that's where we are in American history right now.
You want to talk about JFK Jr.
coming back, you better first accept that Brandi and Tony were killed by this fake health freedom movement, very specifically on the chance that Bobby Kennedy might even be the vice president of Donald Trump.
practicing medicine and caring for the client because they're looking at the bottom line.
20 years ago, 20% of the doctors in this country worked for corporations.
Today, 80% do.
And that corporation is telling you, you know, we don't care what happens to your patient.
You know, we care about how much revenue you're generating.
And, you know, these doctors are coming out of medical schools with ginormous bills that will bankrupt them if they don't have a job.
And so they're under tremendous pressure just to keep generating those funds.
And the whole system, as you know, it's just a bundle of perverse incentives where everybody is making money by keeping us sick.
And I'm not saying that's deliberate or purposeful or planned in any way.
It's just the incentive system that everybody makes money.
Insurance companies make money if you're sick.
Ironically, they make more money if the population
According to Wikipedia, intersex is a general term for organisms that have sex characteristics between male and female.
It typically applies to a minority of members of gonocoric animal species, such as mammals, as opposed to hermaphroditic species.
So gonocoric species apparently are species that have defined sexes.
And such organisms are usually sterile.
Intersex has occurred from both genetic and environmental factors and has been reported in mammals, fish, nematodes and crustaceans.
There are intersex pigs that are known up to 1.4% of pigs can be intersex.
In Venatu, Navarug pigs are sacred intersex pigs found on Mahalo Island.
The analysis of Navari pig mitochondrial DNA found that they are descended from East Southeast Asian pigs.
Female spotted hyenas have a pseudopenis which has led to the myth that they are hermaphroditic.
So they're describing a couple different intersex things, but they're not talking about the actual XY chromosomes.
So that's interesting.
In cattle, a free martin is the infertile female twin of a bull.
Freemartins have both XX and XY chromosomes, non-functional ovaries, and exhibit masculine behavior.
So apparently in cows there are some.
I apologize for not being more up on the ability to answer that question.
Here's the link that I'm reading right now.
Don't take Wikipedia for anything serious, but you know, I mean, there's some truth on Wikipedia.
They got to do that.
is sick, and you know, that may seem counterintuitive to people.
And a guy said to me once who worked for AIG, one of the big insurance companies, he said, I said, I want to go with some data to AIG and show them that, you know, what they're doing is actually, I can show them on paper, what they're doing is actually making their people sicker.
And they're the one group that you would think would want healthy people because they'd have to pay out less.
And this guy said to me, think of it this way, if you're Lloyd's of London, and you insure all the shipping in the world,
Is it better for you if one ship sinks a year or if 500 sink a year?
And I said to him, it's better if only one sinks.
And he said, no, it's better if 500 sink because then everybody has to get insurance.
And what the insurance companies are collecting money at is friction.
Oh, they're taking a cut of the revenues that come through them.
The more people that buy insurance, it doesn't matter what the claims are.
If the claims are high, they just raise their premiums.
And it's the amount of money that flows in the system that gives them money.
So they're making money that way.
The doctors are making money from keeping us sick.
The hospitals are making money from keeping us sick.
The pharmaceutical companies are making money from... Now, there's no doubt that everybody's making money, but the question is, is why is the system set up to facilitate these people making money in such a disingenuous way?
And the reason why is because we are in the process of having our sovereignty inverted into experimental animal status.
And in order to do that, they need to do it like boiling a frog.
They need to do it slow.
And this is part of it.
The Trump administration has always been part of it, just like the Biden administration was part of it.
This is all one malevolent show.
run by the Human Genome Project, maybe by who could be better characterized as Democrats and communists and globalists than anything else.
They're not Democrats or Republicans.
There's something outside of that.
The Democrat-Republican thing is the show they do.
So every level of the system is incentivized financially, no matter what your intention is as a doctor.
If you're a doctor, of course you don't want sick patients.
There's tremendous pressure from every angle of the system to actually, you know, to keep us all sick.
And we're now the sickest nation in the world.
Last year, we did an interview with a woman called Casey Means.
She's a surgeon educated at Stanford.
She's a huge food.
Best thing you levels membership to this show's listeners.
So he's advertising for levels.
which is the same thing that they were discussing on the Brett Weinstein podcast.
So Brett Weinstein and Heather Haying basically promoting levels and the means twins.
And then now they're doing the same thing here as an advertisement.
They're fricking sponsoring Tucker Carlson.
Are you shitting me?
Well, you're New York Times president ban you from Rolling Stone, et cetera, attack you as a Nazi.
You made the point years later that the reason that happened was because pharmaceutical companies are the single biggest source of revenue for a lot of media companies and they're buying the protection with that money.
That's another perverse incentive, right?
Absolutely.
I think we're one of only two countries in the world that allow that.
Can that be stopped?
That's a question that we are looking at right now.
You know, and there's a bad Supreme Court case from a couple of years ago that gave essentially anointed pharmaceutical advertising with First Amendment protection.
The First Amendment protects political speech.
So if you're saying something political, you should have absolute protection under the First Amendment.
Commercial speech has a lower level of protection.
And the pharmaceutical advertising was regulated as commercial speech and it was until 1990, really around 1992, you didn't see pharmaceutical adverts.
There was no direct-to-consumer advertising on TV.
And after that and then there were more changes made in 1997, that's when it became, you know, it exploded.
Today, Roger Ailes, who both you and I knew, you know, I had this very, Roger Ailes for your audience who doesn't know him, which I think most of them do, was the founder of Fox News.
And I had this odd relationship with him because politically we were at loggerheads, but I had spent, when I was 19 years old, I spent three months with him in a tent in Africa.
And I, and we developed a friendship then.
I had originally said that that was Jeffrey Sachs, so I apologize, but now he's telling you it was Ailes.
And as you know, he was very, you know, he was a very engaging guy.
He was very witty, really fun to be with.
I'm very paranoid, but at the same time, brilliant.
And so he was very kind to me.
He was a very loyal friend to me.
And he would make Sean Hannity and Bill O'Reilly and Neil Cavuto and all of the other hosts, your former colleagues, put me on TV to talk about the environment, even though he didn't agree with me on it, he made them put me on.
So during the 80s and 90s, I was the only environmentalist who was going on Fox News.
But I brought him one time this
So does that sound like okay?
That he's the only environmentalist that was allowed on Fox News by his very good friend Ailes?
Or does that sound like he's already being set up to be put where he is now?
You see, he's naive.
He's actually so unsophisticated that he doesn't understand that he's been played for his whole life.
He actually can't see the Truman Show that he's a victim of.
I'm pretty convinced of it.
I mean, the other thing that it could be is that he's an amazing actor and that he knows he's selling our grandchildren to the slavers.
It's one or the other.
And I think it's more likely that he's just a dope.
around, I think it was like 2014, I brought him a documentary that we had done about mercury and vaccines.
And he had, he watched it, he was completely sold on it.
He had a family member who had been affected, he felt.
And he said, I can't put you on because if I did,
If any of my hosts allowed you on to talk about this issue, I would have to fire them.
And if I didn't, I would get a call from Rupert within 10 minutes.
And he said, for the evening news division, about 75% of the advertising revenues are coming from pharma.
And then he told me something that, if I remember it correctly, he... So he would have saved millions of children from the shitty vaccine schedule had the pharmaceutical companies not kept him off of Fox News.
It's something like that.
Otherwise, we would have been here a long time ago, because him and Mary Holland and Brian Hooker had the goods already 10 years ago, but they've just been censored for 10 years.
So effectively, they've effectively saved no children.
That's right, that's the story he's telling in 2025, because he is a fraud and a traitor on a script.
He said that on a typical evening news show, there are 22 ads, and 17 of those are pharmaceutical ads.
And so this was the principal source of revenue.
And for a lot of these television networks, it's keeping them alive.
As you know, they're all kind of collapsing financially.
Collapsing due to lack of popular demand for their presence.
Right.
So could you end that?
Do you have the authority as the Secretary of Health and Human Services to say no more pharma ads on television?
Well, a lot of the pharmaceutical ads are misleading.
Yeah.
And even the music and the... Do you have the authority, Bobby?
It's a question.
You know, like when Joe Rogan asked Suzanne Humphreys, were there any good vaccines and she didn't answer?
He's not answering the question now because he's a traitor on a script and he doesn't want you to figure it out.
The video, the photos that they show the scene.
Have you seen the video of AOC asking him questions about the investigation into UnitedHealthcare and the Medicare fraud that they're guilty of?
Have you seen that video?
Because on the other side of America, that's going around like wildfire and everybody's watching him choke.
As she said, do you realize that like the largest source of waste, fraud, and abuse in the American government is Medicare and Medicaid fraud, and that the Department of Justice is investigating the largest healthcare provider in America, United Healthcare, for Medicare fraud?
And he said, no, I'm not aware of that.
And she was able to say, but that's your jurisdiction.
Those people are, that's your job.
You're not aware of that?
He said again, no, I'm not aware of that.
then later on in the discussion she says that it's about 81 billion dollars and he says 81 million or 81 billion and she's allowed to say no it's 81 billion a year with a b and you're not aware of it and so while we're watching tucker carlson thinking that the word is getting out he's getting trounced and they are making fools of the trump administration right now on every front
and we're blissfully unaware of it because on X, it looks like everybody's kicking ass.
that they show are, that's kind of speech, and it's misleading.
It's sending a message.
And if you take this drug, you're going to be riding jet skis and playing volleyball and water skiing.
Have a great looking spouse, happy kids.
The side effects, meanwhile, are rolling at 80 miles an hour, and that's misleading.
And so one of the things that we're looking at is making them
You know the other thing that's wrong with this shithead argument?
How many people are watching network news?
How many people are watching network anything anymore?
Like, this is ridiculous.
The only people who are still watching TV with advertisements and commercials are boomers.
My children don't even know how to get the TV to accept the airwaves and what channels are available.
They don't know that there's channel 11, channel 4, and channel 2, and channel 52 in Pittsburgh.
They don't know?
They don't know what channel Fox is or what channel NBC is or what channel ABC News is?
Do you know how long it took them to find ABC for the NBA Finals in my living room when we have a TV that can just do it out of the air?
It took them like two hours!
So who is he saving from pharmaceutical ads when our children are watching YouTube and are sharing videos on fricking Snapchat?
What kind of bullshit is this?
Guys, it's nothing.
People who come over here from England or Europe and watch our TV are shocked by what they're seeing on it.
And it's insidious because of this.
The pharmaceutical advertisers are advertising the most expensive version of every drug.
They're not going to advertise the generics because they're not making any money.
So they're advertising the ones that are the highest profit margins for them.
And normally if you see an advertisement on TV, like for Coca-Cola, you then have a choice to go get that and then you're paying out of your pocket for it.
When somebody buys a pharmaceutical drug, it's Medicaid.
You have 11 minutes with each patient and go away.
This is good for public health.
It is hurting us and it's distorting the markets.
And it is not it's not a you can't even call it a free market because everything's paid for by the federal government.
So here's a company where important.
So I like that argument that he's raised.
that all pharmaceutical ads do is.
Now show they were injured by this product.
How were they made whole?
What happens to them?
If it becomes clear that.
Tucker 76 for 15% off your first order.
That's merryweatherfarms.com.
So I like that idea that he says that pharmaceutical advertising just drives people to go to their doctor and ask for shit.
And since it's all paid for by insurance anyway, and a lot of that's the federal government because of Obamacare,
then in the end the pharmaceutical advertising is just driving up the cost of and stealing money from Medicare and that's absolutely true.
But he's not going to tell you that Medicare has been under such high pressure because of a population pyramid and because of an anticipated rise in all-cause mortality that we've been worrying about for the last 20 years.
That is for sure something that these two frauds are not going to tell you.
So now let's not talk about 2020 and let's talk about the COVID shots being bad.
So if, starting in September, when we start to see the results of the analysis of these massive data sets that you're putting out there in public, and if it becomes clear that there is a connection between autism and vaccines, vaccines the government promoted, in some cases, effectively required,
That's a tort.
I mean, that means there are a lot of injured people who can now show they were injured by this product.
How were they made whole?
What happens to them?
Well, that's going to be complicated because in 1986, Congress passed an act, the Vaccine Act, the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program, and they gave the
vaccine companies immunity from liability.
So no matter how reckless that company is, no matter how toxic the product, no matter how egregious your injury, you cannot sue them.
And that's one of the problems.
And that actually is why we, one of the reasons we had this explosion in the vaccination program.
When I was a kid, we only had three vaccines.
And by 1986, the year the act was passed, there were 11 doses of, I think, five vaccines.
And today there are a child,
to go to school in states like California and New York and many other states where you have mandates, an American child now has to receive between 69 and 92 vaccines between conception.
So some of those are given to the mom during pregnancy and age 18.
And the reason it's 69 to 82 is some of the vaccines have, the different brands have different dose requirements.
So some will require three doses, some will require one dose, some will require four doses.
But that's a lot of vaccines for a kid.
And each one of those is calculated, is designed to permanently alter your immune system.
And so we have now this epidemic of immune dysregulation in our country, you know, and there's no way to rule out vaccines as one of the key culprits.
And if you look at all of these diseases that have become
There's no way to rule it out.
Now, the two people that were killed in 2020, Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn, would have said that there's a great way to assume it, because intramuscular injection of a combination of substances is so much more egregious in terms of a violation of everything that is us.
that you could imagine that applying anything to a skin, inhaling it, snorting it, or even swallowing it, is orders of magnitude less dangerous than injecting something via a needle directly into the muscle.
And yet this master manipulator and ridiculous script reader, after working with me for a year and then employing me at his non-profit for another half a year, was still not able to learn that very simple statement from me.
that intramuscular injection is antithetical.
You know what's really weird is that there's a video of somebody like Brandy Vaughn, Tony Bark, and Suzanne Humphreys all saying the same thing.
That it doesn't make any sense that the whole concept of injecting something with a needle
is antithetical to everything that I understand about biology.
Now, I came to that all by myself, only to realize that people like Brandy Vaughn and Tony Bark had been there 10 years before.
And I find it very disturbing that while they're dead, Suzanne Humphreys isn't.
And she got all the way to Joe Rogan and she couldn't frickin' say it.
That makes her a traitor to our grandkids.
He's gotten all the way to Tucker Carlson and he doesn't seem to be able to say it.
And that's because these people were put in place in front of Tony and in front of Brandy until they ended up deciding to kill them.
And that's why all of these people, after lauding me with praise and telling me I'm the guy that they learned the most from and that they love the work that I do, all of these mother effer liars are gone.
And my family is living on a shoestring budget on fumes, paying our rent one day before it's due because that's when we were able to get it.
This is not a joke.
This is the destruction of America by liars, by performing liars on social media.
And I'm one of the few people who's privileged enough to know exactly how malevolent these people are.
And I feel it's my duty to share it with everybody.
Epidemic, diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, all of these seizure disorders, the neurological disorders like ADD, ADHD, speech delay, language delay, tics, Tourette's syndrome, narcolepsy, ASD, autism, all the diseases.
you and i never saw when we were kids and suddenly they're oh and so now you can see that in the right part of the script you can hear him list a whole bunch of shit
that is more prevalent than autism.
A whole bunch of shit that added together is 10 or 100 times as prevalent as autism, especially if you figure in the fact that autism spectrum disorder is one of the shittiest possible realms of diagnosis that you could ask a doctor to go into.
And so now you can really see why making all this fuss for the first 45 minutes about how they're going to do an autism study and about how there's all this evidence that autism is caused by it.
Don't you see why it's so easy to make a study, to design a study where they don't find a correlation?
Because autism is the myth.
ADHD is not a myth.
Allergies aren't a myth.
Iterative bowel syndrome is not a myth.
Degenerative bone disease in teenagers isn't a myth.
Heart attacks in teenagers isn't a myth.
But autism is, and that's why they argue about it.
This generation is damaged, is incredibly damaged by all these diseases.
The autoimmune diseases like diabetes, rheumatoid arthritis, the allergic disease like peanut allergies, anaphylaxis, eczema.
Did you ever know anybody with eczema?
No.
Right.
So and now it's ubiquitous in every classroom.
And all of those injuries are listed as side effects on the manufacturer's inserts of those products.
Oh, we would be have to be blind
And I say, we have to look at this as a potential culprit.
We have to do the studies that the Institute of Medicine has been telling the CDC to do for 25 years.
The Institute of Medicine told CDC in 2013, there are 158 injuries that aren't suspected to be vaccine injuries.
Only 38 of those have been studied.
And almost most of those, it was positive.
It was, yeah, this is a vaccine injury.
The other 120, whatever, and I'm not doing the math in my head, but the others have never been studied.
And so think about this because this is the message.
It's not very well presented, but this is the real message that also admits that autism spectrum disorder and its connection to vaccines
that was first put forward by Andrew Wakefield and Polly Tommy, then recycled and amplified by Brian Hooker and Mary Holland and Children's Health Defense, is all part of the same bullshit show because autism is not the only thing that comes from fucking vaccines, you liars!
cdc's job is to study them and yet it never studied them and that was purposeful and i'm not saying that out of speculation i'm saying that because i've seen the emails and cdc deliberately um derailed any study on that and then if somebody and children's health defense and mary holland and brian hooker and robert f kennedy jr
have single-handedly sabotaged all and any progress that could have been made from saving any reasonable number of Americans from the vaccine schedule.
Because so far in this video, he's not been able to say, he's only been able to say that when I was a kid, we only had three vaccines.
What about the vaccines they have in Norway right now, asshole?
What about the vaccine schedule that's enforced or not enforced in the rest of the Western world, asshole?
you
It does, independent scientists does do a study that can't get published.
The scientific publishers will not publish a study that is critical of vaccines.
So we need to change that taboo.
And that's one of the things Jay Bhattacharya is doing at NIH, is we're going to remove the taboo about talking about this issue.
And we're going to be honest with the American public.
It's pretty clear from the VAERS, the self-reporting vaccine injury system, federal system, that vaccine injuries with the COVID vax jumped to multiples of what had been reported before.
Do you- There were more injuries reported
from theirs by the COVID vaccine than all other vaccines put together for the past 36 years.
And the person that's been delivering that message succinctly since the beginning of the pandemic is named Jessica Rose.
She is an Israeli-Canadian who did a lot of her post-doctoral work with NATO funding.
She has toured the world for six years with the International COVID Summit, including Robert Malone, and Meryl Nass, and Jill Glasspool Malone, and Pierre Kory, and Peter McCullough, and Ryan Cole.
She is a malevolent traitor, a fraud of the highest order,
And she should be getting vegetables thrown at her when anybody recognizes her or her twin from now until the day she dies.
She's one of the worst Canadian Israelis alive.
And him spouting this out would only be completed if he were to cite Jessica Rose, which I'm sure he won't.
And I'll tell you something else.
There's a lot of people out there who say, you know, this is part of the consensus.
You'll see this on every mainstream, Anderson Cooper, Jake Tapper, all of these guys, again and again, that the link between autism vaccines has been debunked, right?
It's been studied.
But those studies that I was talking about earlier, the epidemiological studies, they only looked at one vaccine, the MMR, and one ingredient, thimerosal.
Weird, right?
Because that's exactly the script that they've been on for the last 10 years.
Mary Holland said it was a component of the MMR vaccine that caused her son to have autism.
Polly Tommy said the same thing.
Andrew Wakefield did the famous study, and they bamboozled my friend, Paula Aitken, and included her in that study when her son didn't fit any of the criteria and didn't fit any of the stories.
And these people are promoting the same fraud at the same time, slow rolling us to the truth that intramuscular injection is just shit.
And they'll tell us that in a few hundred years after we've all been transfected a hundred times and our children are all slaves.
This is the worst ever.
This is it.
This person is not an American patriot.
This person is not a real man.
And neither is Tucker Carlson.
These are fake, fake Americans, fake men, fake adults on a script.
And they're shitty at it.
None of the vaccines that are administered to children during the first six months of life have ever been studied for autism.
In fact, the Institute of Medicine said that they looked at this issue, you know, has it been debunked?
And they said, no, these studies have never been done on the vaccines that are the most likely culprit, which is, you know, DTaP, AbbB.
pneumococcal, the vaccines were given for six months, none of them.
He said the only one that has ever been studied is DTAP, which is diphtheria, tetanus and pertussis.
And they said that the one study that was done showed that, yeah, there was a link with autism, but we're not going to count that study.
So that's been going on since 2016.
When Barbara Lowe Fisher put out the book, it's the P and the DTP.
So it's the pertussis that's causing the autism.
The pertussis.
No, it's the MMR and the thimerosal.
Oh, but we took the thimerosal out of all the vaccines now.
Oh yeah, but Paul Offit says they've always been out of the vaccines.
It's only been in some flu shots.
These people are on the same shitty script together with Paul Offit and you can see it in spades.
This is a joke.
You need to start paying attention to the other side and what the other side is seeing because we are being destroyed on the other side.
On all platforms, on all social media websites, the Trump administration and the health freedom movement is being made to look like shitheads.
while we're watching two hour interviews with Tucker Carlson and we can't see it.
We've got to wake up quick.
because it was based on the VAERS system, which is CDC's only surveillance system.
And they said that system is too unreliable.
So what they were saying, the Institute of Medicine, which is part of the National Academy of Sciences, said that the only system that CDC has to study vaccine injury is so bad that any study done on it were not going to count.
I'll tell you something else.
David Kessler, who was a very famous Surgeon General, who you remember, and many, many, many other people have said the VAERS system does not work.
and you need a new system.
So in 2010, CDC designed a new system, and it was a machine counting system.
The problem with VAERS, with the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System, is that it's voluntary.
And so the doctor has to, if he sees a vaccine injury, he's required to report it to VAERS.
But there's no penalty if he doesn't.
It takes him a half an hour to fill out the paperwork.
So there's a big incentive for him not to do it.
There's another incentive, though.
He doesn't know if something is vaccine injury.
If you get a vaccine and then four years later, you come in with a food allergy, how do you know?
Will any doctor in the world say that's a vaccine injury or seizure disorder?
And the other thing, so they don't know what to look for.
They've never been taught that at medical school.
And so one very easy thing to say here is that intramuscular injection in particular is what allows the temporal smearing of these injuries.
And Tony Bark and Brandy Vaughn would have definitely explained that the whole advantage of intramuscular injection is that temporally speaking, the toxicity will be spread out over longer time periods.
The onset of the symptoms and the changes in your physiology will be spread over longer time periods, which will make it very easy
for both patient and doctor to dismiss the connection.
And this guy, who's been fighting for this biology for 20 years, who's been advocating, apparently, for 20 years, while standing in front of two dead women who could say it better, is a traitor to our grandchildren.
There's no course on vaccine injury in medical school, in any medical school in this country.
And then... A course on vaccine injury?
Are you shitting me?
How about a course teaching why intramuscular injection is such a wonderful frickin' invention?
How about teaching all the advantages of intramuscular injection over traditional methods of exposing people to toxins, you know, like injection or inhalation or spreading it on their skin or eating it?
There's no course in vaccine injury at medical school.
Holy shit.
The other thing is he has a big emotional incentive because he told that mom to give that child that vaccine.
And if the child has a seizure three weeks later and she comes back and she says, I think it might be the vaccine, a lot of doctors will say, no, that's normal for that age.
And they're not going to call it into bears.
So CDC designed a machine counting system that would do essentially cluster analysis.
They would look at the vaccine and then they would look at clusters of injuries that were unique or anomalous to that vaccine.
Okay, so I'm gonna fast-forward a little bit because I want to get to the lab part of the virus part and what they talk about with the virus and then I'm gonna move on.
I didn't think this was gonna be so long.
I apologize.
I know everybody hates long shows.
Here we go.
And they don't seem to be getting any help.
Will that change?
Yeah, that's gonna change.
I mean, as I said, the big impediment is
1986 Vaccine Act.
So now they're going back to whether or not the people got the COVID shot are going to be able to claim any injuries, and they're going to argue that the COVID shot should be taken out from under the PrEP Act and put under the national vaccine, whatever, the 1986 law.
And that's what Aaron Siri is arguing for, because then he can use the administrative kangaroo court of the VICP, and he can get all of his fees paid ahead of time.
Because right now, the VICP at the PrEP Act doesn't pay interim fees like the CICP does.
So the only grift in law in America where you can get paid before, and even if you lose your case,
is the CICP.
That is the kangaroo court under which any vaccine injuries are litigated or decided.
And that kangaroo court is where Aaron Seery of Goldman Sachs makes all of his money.
Probably used to be office buddies with Steve Bannon.
And so it's complicated about how we fix this, you know, so that we can get compensation to those people.
We just brought a guy in this week who's going to be revolutionizing the vaccine injury compensation program.
Keep checking me on that.
Thank you for advocating for empathy, even for the worst players in this, because it's true.
I should have empathy for even the worst players in this.
They all think they know a noble lie.
They all think somehow or another they've been convinced that they're doing the right thing.
And I do think that even this clown with his limited understanding thinks he's doing the right thing.
And so thank you for pointing that out.
which is a program that when Congress passed the Vaccine Act and gave immunity from liability vaccine companies, it recognized that vaccines were in the description, the characterization of the American Academy of Pediatrics were unavoidably unsafe.
And some people, like for every medicine, some people are gonna be injured and killed.
And so it set up a program that's in the federal government
of the vaccine courts and they have a trust fund.
The trust fund is endowed by a 75%.
So maybe I got those two mixed up.
Maybe the one from the original that he's talking about that Aaron Seery works under is the VICP.
And then the one that covers the countermeasures under the PrEP Act is the CICP.
I think that's right.
So I got those two mixed up, but you can figure that out.
Surcharge on every vaccine.
And that program is supposed to, there's supposed to be a vaccine court that's supposed to be generous and fast and give the tie to the runner.
In other words, if there's doubts about, you know, whether somebody's injury came from a vaccine or not, you're going to assume they got it and compensate them.
And it's paid out over $5 billion to about 12,000 people.
And we're looking at ways to enlarge that program so that COVID vaccine injured people can be compensated.
And we're changing the program so that, you know, we're looking at ways to enlarge the statute of limitations.
It's only three years.
A lot of people don't discover their injuries after that.
Whoa, Aaron Seery's going to make a killing.
There's no discovery in that program.
There's no rules of evidence.
The program has devolved into lawyers from the justice.
You're not suing the vaccine company.
You're petitioning my agency.
And it's represented traditionally by the Department of Justice.
And the lawyers in the Department of Justice, the leaders of it, were corrupt.
And they saw their job as protecting the trust fund rather than taking care of people who made this national sacrifice.
and we're gonna change that.
Oh, so vaccine injury is a national sacrifice now.
What an interesting choice of words.
Change all that.
And I've brought in a team this week that is starting to work on that this week.
So, you know, that's one of the things we're doing, but we're looking at everything.
What's the status of the COVID vaccine now?
Who gets it?
What are the recommendations and why?
The recommendations now are... We'll skip this.
...that everybody who takes it will be back.
People died in the blitz.
And there was one person who died from COVID in the vaccine group.
And that's the whole data set they were with.
It was 100% effective.
And when people heard that, they got the vaccine or not.
And what they really should have been telling people is that in order to prevent one death from COVID, you had to give 19,999 vaccines.
If any of those vaccines were killing people, you would cancel out the effect of, you know, the beneficial effect.
Do you think the COVID, I mean, net, net.
And we are still calling it a COVID vaccine because these people are on a trade or a script where they're never going to tell you it was an old shitty technology because then every academic biologist
in America and around the Western world would be obligated to accept that they should have known that this wasn't a vaccine or a new vaccine or untested technology that had never been tried before.
This is, as Mary Holland said not even six months ago, it's this new technology that had never been tried before.
No, it is an old technology that had been used for decades on the academic bench.
And to call it a vaccine still in 2025 is traitorous to our kids.
It's traitorous to every frickin' college kid who got bamboozled into taking it.
Every person that was bullied into taking it deserves to know that it was a shitty old technology and that Robert Malone and Peter Cullis and Jessica Rose and Kevin McKernan and Mary Holland and all of them were scripted to make sure you wouldn't figure that out.
still sticking to it now.
Wow, what a cop-out.
The only reason why you couldn't know is because you're a liar.
Wow.
Because the studies that were done by my agency were substandard and they were not designed to answer that question.
And there's been a lot of obfuscation about covering up, as you know, about suppressing any kind of discussion of vaccine injuries.
I mean, Mark Zuckerberg publicly
said that he was ordered by the White House to suppress anybody on his platform on Facebook or Instagram who mentioned vaccine injuries.
He was ordered by the Biden administration to, and he said, you know, and we know.
I can't do that shit.
They were telling Facebook to take me off of Instagram, which Facebook did.
I had almost a million followers and there was no vaccine misinformation on there.
I asked Facebook again and again, invent a new word, which is because Facebook was saying to the White House, this isn't misinformation.
It's actually true.
And the White House said, well, it's malinformation, malinformation.
This is an Orwellian kind of construct.
You know, they just.
Are you satisfied that mRNA technology is safe for people?
I'm not satisfied.
Again, my opinion about that is... mRNA technology is not only safe for people, but the current CDC director, who will soon be approved, believes that the whole platform has proven safe.
There's a video out there of it right now.
She was in her confirmation hearing asked and she said, yes, it is the new way forward.
And what he will be used to do is to prove it was safe.
What Robert Malone will be used to do is to certify it's safe.
Maybe not the old stuff that was contaminated with DNA, like the hero Kevin McKernan says, but the new stuff that we're making now with personalized printing methods, yes, that's working fine.
relevant, but we will be doing those studies.
And I would say there's a lot of skepticism in this agency about mRNA vaccines, you know, about mRNA technology, about the status of it now.
Yes.
Menares.
There is a, there is a clip of it.
It's safe.
And we do not, you know, the safety studies simply have not been done, but there is enough anecdotal reports of people getting profound injuries that may or may not be associated with it.
And we're going to answer those questions.
What happened with the vaccine board?
I keep reading you fired all these eminent scientists on the vaccine board.
Yeah, I fired all these what?
All these important, highly credentialed scientists.
Yeah, well, we fired that board because they were, it was utterly, it was just an instrument.
It was a sock puppet for the industry that it was supposed to regulate.
So, you know, they, in fact, you know, and this was a long time coming Tucker, in 2002,
the Government Oversight Committee and the United States Congress held hearings about that board, which is called ASAP, Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices.
And they said that 97% of the people on that board had undisclosed conflicts.
Many of them had disclosed conflicts as well.
But they said that, Congress said that, it gave an example, it said the rotavirus vaccine was approved by that board
And there were five members of that board at that time, and four of them had direct financial interests in the rotavirus vaccine.
They were working for the companies that made the vaccine, or they were receiving grants to do clinical trials on that vaccine.
They all had overwhelming financial interests.
One of the people on that board was a guy called Paul Offit, who is one of the big voices for vaccines.
CNN goes to him all the time when it wants to know about vaccines.
He voted to add the rotavirus vaccine to the schedule when he had a rotavirus vaccine in development.
Because it's now on the schedule, his developing vaccine is virtually guaranteed to get on the schedule.
It's a competitive product, but once you say rotavirus vaccine has to be vaccinated for, his vaccine is now guaranteed to get on the schedule.
The one they voted on, that he voted on, within a year it had to be withdrawn because it was causing this really disastrous disease in kids that is often lethal, called insusception, agonizingly painful when you're
Intestines kind of tie up against each other and it kills children on occasion.
That vaccine was pulled the following year and his vaccine then replaced him.
He was still on the committee.
He didn't vote on that, but he was still on the committee.
But he voted to make rotavirus vaccine mandatory.
And he then, he and his business partners.
But what about the addition to the RSV vaccine or monoclonal antibodies for those people that didn't get the RSV vaccine during pregnancy?
It's hard for me to imagine that somebody who has been on this case for more than 20 years doesn't understand that the earlier in development a baby or fetus is exposed to these random toxins, these random immunological adjustments, the potential for interrupting the trajectory of this pattern integrity is
it increases exponentially and yet he doesn't seem to be aware that his new ACIP approved a essentially
advocating for RSV vaccine for all pregnant women or the application of a monoclonal antibody to the baby in order to take the place of that vaccine, which will essentially be very easy for most doctors and obstetricians to make the argument that, you know, we can put a needle in your newborn baby after a couple months, if he gets sick,
or you could just take this vaccine now and then we won't have to do that.
This monster has permitted that to happen.
And in fact, put Robert Malone and Retsef Levy and Martin Kulldorff in a position to do that very thing.
These people that we were supposed to rally behind for five years because they were heroes on X. Stanley Plotkin and a couple of other people sold that vaccine to Merck for $186 million.
He told Newsweek that he won the lottery.
Oh, you know, it's been said of him that he voted himself rich.
So that and that kind of conflict was typical on that committee.
But the most did people know this was going on?
That's such an obvious, you know, the Office of Inspector General in this department investigated and they said, this is a disaster.
You've got to change it.
Congress investigated and said you got to change it and they did nothing.
That's the most most sort of glaring example of medical malpractice by this by this group is that they approved all these vaccines we went from 11 remember to 69 to 92.
11 vaccines in 86 and not one of them had except for COVID.
COVID is the only one
and had a pre-licensing safety trial that involved a placebo, a true placebo.
And so all of those other vaccines were ushered in without safety studies.
And that means nobody understands the risk profile of those products.
and so still on the same script where they don't get a placebo trial and Paul Offit can argue on the left that that's ridiculous because vaccines save lives so you can't do a placebo trial and so the same hamster wheel for the last 15 years they're still peddling it
He's still confused.
He doesn't understand why.
And the reason why is because you don't need a long-term placebo-controlled trial to show that SIDS and these other acute onset disorders that come after vaccination, albeit rare, when they show up, they show up in a few days or less, sometimes even in hours.
And so there's no reason to do a long-term placebo-controlled trial
when a 35 day or 45 day placebo-controlled trial could be run by every doctor in every office in America and put nobody at risk for any of these diseases because they'll all get their shots in 45 days.
And they could have come up with that argument 10 years ago opposite Paul Offit when Paul Offit was saying that placebo-controlled trials are really unethical.
He could have said, yeah, but we don't need to do a long-term one to show you that some kids get screwed up.
and they've never come up with it.
Andrew Wakefield in 25 years can't come up with it.
Polly Tommy in all her reading can't come up with it.
Meryl Nass after solving the mystery of Ebola has never been able to come up with it.
Solving the mystery of anthrax has never been able to come up with a simple experiment to show that SIDS is really just caused by intramuscular injection going wrong.
All of these people have failed.
And it's because they're on a shitty script, because they don't even understand it.
They're just dumb.
How can you do that?
They did it.
It's corruption.
And it's because of agency capture.
It's because the companies that were making these products said, if you can get your vaccine on the schedule, it's generally, typically about a billion.
This incentive structure was set up by the Human Genome Project.
This incentive structure was set up to fail by the Human Genome Project that knew that they needed to make the entire American public beg to be experimental animals, beg to be allowed to participate.
Give me a vaccine to save me from this gain-of-function virus, please.
It runs it first through FDA, then through ASAP, and gets it recommended.
If you can get that recommendation, you now got a billion dollars in leased revenues by the end of the year.
Okay, I think we're gonna have to cover the lab leak part tomorrow.
I'll just start the stream again tomorrow, right here first.
And we only have 28 minutes left, or no, we have our, well, yeah, 28 minutes left.
So we watched an hour together, that was pretty good.
Thank you very much for being here.
I'm just going to end it kind of abruptly.
I want to get ready, eat some lunch, get to the gym.
My back is recovering very slowly, so I'm very excited.
Yesterday I could do some full power jump shots and I could still feel the ache, but we're getting there.
I'm really excited because I know that I have work to do and I know what work needs to be done and I'm doing it.
So we're just going to keep producing a show.
We're going to keep putting this out until the basketball is ready to go and then we'll move on to that.
Thank you very much for being here.
Got some mail here.
I'll open up quick while we're seeing and saying goodbye.
Thank you very much.
Oh, wow.
Um... Christy... I don't know what to say to you people.
Um... Sorry we can't make it to the beach house this year, Christy.
Uh... Wow.
Wow.
Um... I needed that.
We needed that.
Holy shit, we needed that.
I can almost cry.
Thanks, Christy.
whoa this one comes from california and it says thanks for all you do hey earlycovidsurvivors.com stickers mark mark i got earlycovidsurvivors.com stickers yo who sent these these are sweet wow okay so whoever did this this is dope i'll send you some mark check this out
Wow, nice work.
That's awesome.
Earlycovidsurvivors.com.
Dude, look at them all.
That's sweet.
Somebody's taking initiative.
One more envelope here.
Oh, wow.
I'm very happy.
Thanks for being here, guys.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.
This one's from Lynchburg, Virginia, from Bob.
What do you got in here, Bob?
Oh my gosh, it's got another silver dollar in here.
Bob, you're nuts.
I gotta do something with Bob here.
He sent me another letter.
Wow, you're welcome, Bob.
Thank you very much.
See you guys soon.
See you tomorrow.